# ExamTools-JSON-Parser

A simple ExamTools JSON parser to create track stats

## Setup

Please the exe in a desired directory, on the first run the required files and folders will be created.

### Settings

The settings.ini file can be used to control the import, output and archive directories as well as the logging level.

```text
[DEFAULT]
importdirectory = Input
archivedirectory = Archive
outputdirectory = Output
loglevel = WARNING
```

### Saved Sessions

The application stores the processed infromation in the `SessionData.shn` once information has been stored. Deleting this file will result in losing previously processed information. Files can be reprocessed by placing them back in the **_Input_** directory.

### Directories

The default directories are **_Input_**, **_Output_** and **_Archive_**. The JSON files generated by ExamTools should be placed in the **_Input_** directory, and once processed they will move to the **_Archive_** directory. When the output files are created they will be saved in the **_Output_** folder.

### Processing Files

When the application is opened it will process any files inside of the **_Input_** folder, and if any additional files are placed there after the application is running, you can press **_Load New Sessions_** to process the additional files. Files previously processed should not be processed again, unless the session data is lost.

#### VE Session Count

Once the files have been processed, select the VE Lead callsign, and click **_Create VE Count_** to generate a listing of VE's and the number of sessions they have been included on.
